    ____                 _      ______
   / __ \_      ______  (_)__  / ____/  ______  ________  __________
  / /_/ / | /| / / __ \/ / _ \/ __/ | |/_/ __ \/ ___/ _ \/ ___/ ___/
 / ____/| |/ |/ / / / / /  __/ /____>  </ /_/ / /  /  __(__  |__  )
/_/     |__/|__/_/ /_/_/\___/_____/_/|_/ .___/_/   \___/____/____/
                                      /_/

Copyright (c) 2010-2015, Pwnie Express (https://www.pwnieexpress.com/) All
rights reserved.

Use of this software signifies your agreement to the Pwnie Express / Rapid
Focus Security, Inc. End User License Agreement (EULA). You may find a copy
of the EULA at the following address: https://www.pwnieexpress.com/pdfs/RFSEULA.pdf

As with any software application, any downloads/transfers of this software
are subject to export controls under the U.S. Commerce Department's Export
Administration Regulations (EAR). By using this software you certify your
complete understanding of and compliance with these regulations.

Not withstanding the above, redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of Pwnie Express nor the names of its contributors may be
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
